# CashFlowStatement

# The CashFlowStatement Object ### Description The `CashFlowStatement` object is used to represent a company's cash flow statement.  ### Usage Example Fetch from the `LIST CashFlowStatements` endpoint and view a company's cash flow statements.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**remote_id** | **str, none_type** | The third-party API ID of the matching object. | [optional] 
**remote_data** | [**[RemoteData], none_type**](RemoteData.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**name** | **str, none_type** | The cash flow statement&#39;s name. | [optional] 
**start_period** | **datetime, none_type** | The cash flow statement&#39;s start period. | [optional] 
**end_period** | **datetime, none_type** | The cash flow statement&#39;s end period. | [optional] 
**cash_at_beginning_of_period** | **float, none_type** | Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the cash flow statement&#39;s period. | [optional] 
**cash_at_end_of_period** | **float, none_type** | Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the cash flow statement&#39;s period. | [optional] 
**operating_activities** | [**[ReportItem]**](ReportItem.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**investing_activities** | [**[ReportItem]**](ReportItem.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**financing_activities** | [**[ReportItem]**](ReportItem.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**remote_generated_at** | **datetime, none_type** | The time that cash flow statement was generated by the accounting system. | [optional] 
**remote_was_deleted** | **bool** | Indicates whether or not this object has been deleted by third party webhooks. | [optional] [readonly] 
**any string name** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


